# Stat-766
Antioxidant peptide QSAR model prediction 
In fall 2021, I have done a final project with my teammate in the course Stat Machine Learning which utilized different machine learning methods. The goal was to develop a model for the antioxidant peptide QSAR model prediction using amino acid descriptors. I was a leading role.
The ten models that we tested were Support Vector machine Regression, Random Forest Regression, Gradient Boosting Regressor, Tree based XGBoost Regressor, Linear based XGBoost Regressor, K-nearest Neighbors regression, Partial Least Squares transformer and regressor, Bagging based regression, Multi-layer Perceptron regression, DecisionTreeRegressor. I am comfortable with all of them, and I like XGBoost the most.
We used five folds cross-validation in GridSearchCV to tune the hyperparameters to find highest accuracy and lower the chance of overfitting for each baseline model. The hyper-parameters with the highest accuracy on the training data were selected for each model. The accuracy from different models were compared to find the optimal model. We used the optimal model to do prediction with held out testing data set and then we compared the R2 scores and mean square errors on testing data set to those on training data set. Good model for the user is that both measures are very close to each other. We presented user a list of the features that should be selected to get the certain accuracy on the test data. We chose the first seven most important features for the optimal model to demonstrate the further steps. 
The results have not been used yet currently.
